Atru/SCIM org settings (#3106)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/users.mdx

<!-- END: TFC:only name:hcp-eu -->

## Introduction

User accounts belong to individual people. Each user can be part of one or more [teams][], which are granted permissions on projects and projects and workspaces within an organization. A user can be a member of multiple [organizations][].

There are several ways to add users and manage their access:

- Organization owners can invite people to the platform. Refer to [Create an account](#create-an-account) for more information.
<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:linked-hcp-account-->
- People with an existing HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP) account can log into HCP Terraform through the HCP portal. Refer to [Log in with a HashiCorp Cloud Platform account](#log-in-with-a-hashicorp-cloud-platform-account) for more information. 

> <!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:linked-hcp-account-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- END: TFC:only name:linked-hcp-account-->
```

I think this is supposed to be the END corresponding to the BEGIN right above, but double-check what you intended.

Author: strange that the build succeeded with this error

> - Enable single sign-on (SSO), which offloads access verification to your identitfy provider (IdP). When logging in for the first time, the platform redirects the IdP, which prompts users to either create an HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise account or link their SSO identities to an existing account. Refer to [Single sign-on](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/single-sign-on) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable single sign-on (SSO), which offloads access verification to your identitfy provider (IdP). When a user logs in for the first time, the platform redirects to the IdP, which prompts the user to either create an HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise account or link their SSO identities to an existing account. Refer to [Single sign-on](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/single-sign-on) for more information.
```

> - Enable SCIM provisioning to completely offload authentication and user management to your IdP. Refer to [SCIM provisioning](/terraform/cloud-docs/scim) for more information. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enable SCIM provisioning to completely offload user management to your IdP. Refer to [SCIM provisioning](/terraform/cloud-docs/scim) for more information. 
```

SCIM is really only for the user management part and not  authentication.

> - Users already in the system can call the [`/accout` API endpoints](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/account) to get account details, update account information, and change their password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Users already in the system can call the [`/account` API endpoints](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/account) to get account details, update account information, and change their password.
```

<!-- END: TFC:only -->

## Create an account

You can manually create an account using one of the following methods:

- Accept the invitation from another user sends to join an existing organization. The invitation email includes a link for creating an account. After creating your account, you can automatically join that organization and can begin using <!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:product-name -->HCP Terraform<!-- END: TFC:only name:product-name --><!-- BEGIN: TFEnterprise:only name:product-name -->Terraform Enterprise<!-- END: TFEnterprise:only name:product-name -->.

> - Create an account from the <!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:sign-up-page -->[sign up page](https://app.terraform.io/public/signup/account)<!-- END: TFC:only name:sign-up-page --><!-- BEGIN: TFEnterprise:only name:sign-up-page -->Terraform Enterprise instance at `https://<TFE HOSTNAME>/public/signup/account`<!-- END: TFEnterprise:only name:sign-up-page -->. You must specify a username, email address, and a password.  

Reviewer: Nice use of exclusion tags here!

Depending on the [organization's authentication settings](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/settings#authentication), you may be required to regularly re-authenticate. The following settings determine how often and under what conditions you are required to re-authenticate.

#### Idle session timeout

HCP Terraform automatically terminates user sessions if there has been no end-user activity for a certain time period. This is a security measure to prevent unauthorized access to unmonitored devices. By default, HCP Terraform implements the following schedule for idle session timeouts:

- Standalone HCP Terraform accounts can stay idle and valid for up to 14 days
- HCP Terraform accounts linked to an HCP account follow the HCP defaults and can stay idle for one hour

HCP Terraform organization owners can reduce the idle session timeout for an organization in the authentication settings for standalone HCP Terraform accounts, but they can not modify settings for HCP Terraform accounts linked to HCP accounts.

After HCP Terraform terminates a session, you can resume it by logging back in through the HCP Terraform portal. 

### Forced re-authentication

> HCP Terraform forces users to re-authentication regardless of activity after the specified amount of time has elapsed. This security feature is intended to enforce new identity verifications to access sensitive IT and data managed by HCP Terraform. When the specified amount of time elapses, the you must re-authenticate your credentials and potentially re-verify through 2FA or MFA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HCP Terraform forces users to re-authenticate regardless of activity after the specified amount of time has elapsed. This security feature is intended to enforce new identity verifications to access sensitive IT and data managed by HCP Terraform. When the specified amount of time elapses, the you must re-authenticate your credentials and potentially re-verify through 2FA or MFA.
```

- By default, standalone HCP Terraform accounts are forced to re-authenticate every 14 days
- By default, HCP Terraform accounts linked to an HCP account follow the HCP defaults and are forced to re-authenticate every 48 hours

For standalone HCP Terraform accounts, organization owners can reduce the idle session timeout. Refer to the [authentication settings reference](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/settings#authentication) for more information. Owners can't modify settings for HCP Terraform accounts linked to HCP accounts.

### Other re-authentication triggers

By default, users must re-authenticate when they log in at start of the week, which begins on Mondays, but several actions immediately terminate active sessions, including:

- Manually logging out of the HCP or HCP Terraform portals

> - Clearing browser the browser session or cookies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clearing the browser session or cookies
```

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

#### Revoke a token

To revoke a token, click the **trash can** next to it. That token will no longer be able to authenticate as your user account.

> When you remove the user from an SSO identity provider, <!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:product-name -->HCP Terraform<!-- END: TFC:only name:product-name --><!-- BEGIN: TFEnterprise:only name:product-name -->Terraform Enterprise<!-- END: TFEnterprise:only name:product-name --> does not revoke a user API token's access to an organization. This is because the user may still be a member of the organization. To remove access to a user's API token, remove the user from the organization in the UI or with the [Terraform Enterprise provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/tfe/latest).

Reviewer: Does the TFE provider apply to HCP TF as well?  If not, it may be simplest to just say "remove the user from the organization." and let the reader work through their own user management steps.

Author: ```suggestion
When you remove the user from an SSO identity provider, the user API token continues to allow platform access. This is because the user may still be a member of the organization. To remove access to a user's API token, remove the user from the organization in the UI or with the [Terraform Enterprise provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/tfe/latest).
```
